The Battle of the Corridor is not a single skirmish. It's campaign of several quests, each overseeing a different part of the battle the Player can take part in. The Player is offered the choice to fight on the frontlines, serve as support providing medical aid, or act as an assassin to work behind enemy lines. How well the Player is able to fulfill these quests determines a "good" or "bad" ending for the faction's victory in the Corridor. 

In the Free Cheyenne or SoC quest, the Player and their faction fight for key positions around Denver, each building up for the final battle to take the city itself. 

In the Legion quest, the Player and the Legionaries lay siege to Free Cheyenne and work to break the defenses, eventually leading to them sacking the city. 

When the Battle of the Corridor is concluded, Presper takes the opportunity of the exhausted factions to broadcast to everyone in the Corridor that he has seized control of the Boulder Dome for himself by turning Boulder Dome security systems against the guards and that all factions must lay down their arms or face total annihilation by the Dome's arsenal of biological, chemical, and even nuclear weapons. 

The faction leader by this point believes the Player is in league with Presper and betrayed them. If the Player agrees with Presper's aim to end all war in the wasteland with the threat of assured destruction, they can either defend themselves in combat or convince the faction leader that any harm that would come to them would be met with full retaliation by Presper. The game ends with the wasteland united and in, albeit begrudging, peace under the weapons of the Old World that destroyed it centuries ago.  

If the Player believes in their faction against Presper, they can prove their innocence by leading an armed force into the Boulder Dome and executing Presper for their faction. After a pitched battle between the Dome's security system and the Player's allies, the Player confronts Presper over his betrayal. Presper expresses his disappointment that the Player could experience the most brutal and cruel aspects of war firsthand and still reject his peace for the wasteland. Presper will acknowledge his defeat, but refuse to fight the Player in this "boss" encounter. The game ends once Presper is dead.

If the Player decided to kill Presper before the beginning of Act III, the ending will change where the Dome will be seized by Presper-ZAX; the personality matrix Presper hacked into the Dome to maintain his eternal peace long after he has died. Presper-ZAX will seek revenge for the Player killing his physical self in cold blood, and releases the New Plague immediately rather than hesitate like the human Presper did. Presper-ZAX will explain that he now seeks the complete extermination of humanity in the wasteland and will start the human race over again within the "city of the future" by using the vast genetic sample library stored within the Dome. The only way to stop Presper-ZAX from exacting it's vengeance is by destroying the facilities the Player helped repair, rending the Boulder Dome inoperable once again and useless to the faction in the long term. (This unlocks one of the worst "bad" endings). 