Known as the Iron Legate, Ferrarius is the commander of the Legion garrison in Denver and it's surrounding territory. 

OVERVIEW

Legate Ferrarius is a realist and a political animal. Unlike his contemporaries who seek glory in battle, Ferrarius sees martial glory as a means to an end in the struggle to survive and dominate. He's dangerous because he can present himself as the "reasonable" face of the Legion when his goals are about obtaining power.  

BIOGRAPHY

(Further backstory TBD)

The man who would become Ferrarius was a centurion during the First Battle of Hoover Dam and among the veterans that were sent to attack the Rangers. A bullet wounded him in the leg during the charge, preventing him from keeping up with the others veterans as they pursued the Rangers to Boulder City. The injury ironically saved his life that day, but he never regained full mobility afterwards. 

With many other senior officers dead and Joshua Graham sentenced to death, Ferrarius was promoted to Legate and later dispatched to participate in the Colorado campaign. While Lanius conducted the main thrust to subjugate the tribes in the territory, Ferrarius was tasked with defeating the Brotherhood forces in southern Colorado. The campaign revealed several things that would be used to full effect at the conclusive Battle of Pueblo: 1) Brotherhood tribal recruits were not reliable and not encouraged to act on their own initiative 2) Brotherhood firepower and tactics could not cope with fortifications 3) Brotherhood Power Armor was vulnerable to explosives, incendiaries, anti-material rifles, and could be blinded with enough smoke and fire.

The Battle of Pueblo began with the Legion setting fires along the southern bank of the Arkansas River. The smoke cover prevented Brotherhood scouts from being able to spot Legion troop movements. Next, Legionaries were sent across the Pueblo Reservoir to cut off the dam from the north by taking positions and laying land mines. Once the dam itself was taken by a Legion assault from both ends, hundreds of slaves carried and assembled metal fixtures while Legion veterans armed with anti-material rifles took positions. Realizing their flank was now vulnerable, the Provisional Brotherhood army tried to save the situation by sending a platoon of Paladins supported by tribal reserve formations to retake the reservoir. However, the tribal recruits could not follow due to the mines and the Paladins were caught out on open ground becoming easy prey for Legion guns. When the counterattack on the dam was confirmed, Ferrarius struck and sent his forces to drive a wedge between Pueblo and the resevoir. The Brotherhood tribals believing they had been outflanked, abandoned the counterattack and routed, leaving the Paladins to be destroyed. The Legion then surged forward through the gaping hole in the Brotherhood's flank. With most of the forces across the river, Ferrarius ordered the fires to be snuffed out. When the smokescreen finally lifted, all the Brotherhood could see was a sea of red armor where half of their army used to be. With their morale shattered, the remaining Brotherhood tribals abandoned positions and retreated. The Paladins and Knights who remained and previously enjoyed a numerical parity with their Legion opponents suddenly found themselves outnumbered 15 to 1. The Legion quickly overwhelmed the remaining defenders and gave them no quarter. 

The Battle of Pueblo marked the beginning of the end for the Brotherhood in Colorado. Caesar himself honored the victorious legate by giving him the name "Ferrarius", meaning blacksmith, for breaking the Brotherhood of Steel. 

After Denver was finally taken, Ferrarius was sent to hold Caesar's new territories. Ferrarius immediately set to work making the city habitable for an army. Using the same tactics learned from the Colorado campaign, Legion slaves were used to block off streets with metal barricades while Legionaries picked off wild dogs with their guns. Within a year, 70% of the dog population in Denver had been exterminated. The remaining dogs have been cordoned off in the inner city, only staving off destruction due to the Legion garrison being occupied by a growing settler population and rising tensions with the city state of Free Cheyenne. 

Ferrarius currently faces a conundrum. The Legion garrison will not be able to hold Denver if Free Cheyenne manages to rally the entire Corridor Wasteland against them, and all reinforcements are being drawn towards Hoover Dam. The lessons of the Colorado campaign show that "divide and conquer" is the path to victory in this conflict. But any man of the Legion with the skill necessary to divide the Corridor against itself is out West preparing for the Second Battle of Hoover Dam. Ferrarius needs an agent outside of the Legion to fulfill this task...
